1. Your company built a TensorFlow neutral-network model with a large number of neurons and layers. The model fits
well for the training data. However, when tested against new data, it performs poorly. What method can you
employ to address this?
A. Threading
B. Serialization
C. Dropout Methods
D. Dimensionality Reduction

2. You are building a model to make clothing recommendations. You know a user's fashion preference is likely to
change over time, so you build a data pipeline to stream new data back to the model as it becomes available. How
should you use this data to train the model?
A. Continuously retrain the model on just the new data.
B. Continuously retrain the model on a combination of existing data and the new data.
C. Train on the existing data while using the new data as your test set.
D. Train on the new data while using the existing data as your test set.

3. You designed a database for patient records as a pilot project to cover a few hundred patients in three clinics. Your
design used a single database table to represent all patients and their visits, and you used self-joins to generate
reports. The server resource utilization was at 50%. Since then, the scope of the project has expanded. The
database must now store 100 times more patient records. You can no longer run the reports, because they either
take too long or they encounter errors with insufficient compute resources. How should you adjust the database
design?
A. Add capacity (memory and disk space) to the database server by the order of 200.
B. Shard the tables into smaller ones based on date ranges, and only generate reports with prespecified date
ranges.
C. Normalize the master patient-record table into the patient table and the visits table, and create other
necessary tables to avoid self-join.
D. Partition the table into smaller tables, with one for each clinic. Run queries against the smaller table pairs,
and use unions for consolidated reports.

4. You create an important report for your large team in Google Data Studio 360. The report uses Google BigQuery as
its data source. You notice that visualizations are not showing data that is less than 1 hour old. What should you do?
A. Disable caching by editing the report settings.
B. Disable caching in BigQuery by editing table details.
C. Refresh your browser tab showing the visualizations.
D. Clear your browser history for the past hour then reload the tab showing the virtualizations.

5. An external customer provides you with a daily dump of data from their database. The data flows into Google
Cloud Storage GCS as comma-separated values
(CSV) files. You want to analyze this data in Google BigQuery, but the data could have rows that are formatted
incorrectly or corrupted. How should you build this pipeline?
A. Use federated data sources, and check data in the SQL query.
B. Enable BigQuery monitoring in Google Stackdriver and create an alert.
C. Import the data into BigQuery using the gcloud CLI and set max_bad_records to 0.
D. Run a Google Cloud Dataflow batch pipeline to import the data into BigQuery, and push errors to another
dead-letter table for analysis.

6. Your weather app queries a database every 15 minutes to get the current temperature. The frontend is powered by
Google App Engine and server millions of users. How should you design the frontend to respond to a database
failure?
A. Issue a command to restart the database servers.
B. Retry the query with exponential backoff, up to a cap of 15 minutes.
C. Retry the query every second until it comes back online to minimize staleness of data.
D. Reduce the query frequency to once every hour until the database comes back online.

7. You are creating a model to predict housing prices. Due to budget constraints, you must run it on a single resourceconstrained virtual machine. Which learning algorithm should you use?
A. Linear regression
B. Logistic classification
C. Recurrent neural network
D. Feedforward neural network

8. You are building new real-time data warehouse for your company and will use Google BigQuery streaming inserts.
There is no guarantee that data will only be sent in once but you do have a unique ID for each row of data and an
event timestamp. You want to ensure that duplicates are not included while interactively querying data. Which
query type should you use?
A. Include ORDER BY DESK on timestamp column and LIMIT to 1.
B. Use GROUP BY on the unique ID column and timestamp column and SUM on the values.
C. Use the LAG window function with PARTITION by unique ID along with WHERE LAG IS NOT NULL.
D. Use the ROW_NUMBER window function with PARTITION by unique ID along with WHERE row equals 1.

9. Your company is using WILDCARD tables to query data across multiple tables with similar names. The SQL
statement is currently failing with the following error:
Which table name will make the SQL statement work correctly?
A. 'bigquery-public-data.noaa_gsod.gsod'
B. bigquery-public-data.noaa_gsod.gsod*
C. 'bigquery-public-data.noaa_gsod.gsod'*
D. 'bigquery-public-data.noaa_gsod.gsod*`

10. Your company is in a highly regulated industry. One of your requirements is to ensure individual users have access
only to the minimum amount of information required to do their jobs. You want to enforce this requirement with
Google BigQuery. Which three approaches can you take? (Choose three.)
A. Disable writes to certain tables.
B. Restrict access to tables by role.
C. Ensure that the data is encrypted at all times.
D. Restrict BigQuery API access to approved users.
E. Segregate data across multiple tables or databases.
F. Use Google Stackdriver Audit Logging to determine policy violations.

11. You are designing a basket abandonment system for an ecommerce company. The system will send a message to a
user based on these rules:
✑ No interaction by the user on the site for 1 hour
Has added more than $30 worth of products to the basket
✑ Has not completed a transaction
You use Google Cloud Dataflow to process the data and decide if a message should be sent. How should you
design the pipeline?
A. Use a fixed-time window with a duration of 60 minutes.
B. Use a sliding time window with a duration of 60 minutes.
C. Use a session window with a gap time duration of 60 minutes.
D. Use a global window with a time based trigger with a delay of 60 minutes.

12. Your company handles data processing for a number of different clients. Each client prefers to use their own suite
of analytics tools, with some allowing direct query access via Google BigQuery. You need to secure the data so
that clients cannot see each other's data. You want to ensure appropriate access to the data.
Which three steps should you take? (Choose three.)
A. Load data into different partitions.
B. Load data into a different dataset for each client.
C. Put each client's BigQuery dataset into a different table.
D. Restrict a client's dataset to approved users.
E. Only allow a service account to access the datasets.
F. Use the appropriate identity and access management (IAM) roles for each client's users.

13. You want to process payment transactions in a point-of-sale application that will run on Google Cloud Platform.
Your user base could grow exponentially, but you do not want to manage infrastructure scaling.
Which Google database service should you use?
A. Cloud SQL
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Bigtable
D. Cloud Datastore

14. You want to use a database of information about tissue samples to classify future tissue samples as either normal
or mutated. You are evaluating an unsupervised anomaly detection method for classifying the tissue samples.
Which two characteristic support this method? (Choose two.)
A. There are very few occurrences of mutations relative to normal samples.
B. There are roughly equal occurrences of both normal and mutated samples in the database.
C. You expect future mutations to have different features from the mutated samples in the database.
D. You expect future mutations to have similar features to the mutated samples in the database.
E. You already have labels for which samples are mutated and which are normal in the database.

15. You need to store and analyze social media postings in Google BigQuery at a rate of 10,000 messages per minute
in near real-time. Initially, design the application to use streaming inserts for individual postings. Your application
also performs data aggregations right after the streaming inserts. You discover that the queries after streaming
inserts do not exhibit strong consistency, and reports from the queries might miss in-flight data. How can you
adjust your application design?
A. Re-write the application to load accumulated data every 2 minutes.
B. Convert the streaming insert code to batch load for individual messages.
C. Load the original message to Google Cloud SQL, and export the table every hour to BigQuery via streaming
inserts.
D. Estimate the average latency for data availability after streaming inserts, and always run queries after
waiting twice as long.

16. Your startup has never implemented a formal security policy. Currently, everyone in the company has access to the
datasets stored in Google BigQuery. Teams have freedom to use the service as they see fit, and they have not
documented their use cases. You have been asked to secure the data warehouse. You need to discover what
everyone is doing. What should you do first?
A. Use Google Stackdriver Audit Logs to review data access.
B. Get the identity and access management IIAM) policy of each table
C. Use Stackdriver Monitoring to see the usage of BigQuery query slots.
D. Use the Google Cloud Billing API to see what account the warehouse is being billed to.

17. Your company is migrating their 30-node Apache Hadoop cluster to the cloud. They want to re-use Hadoop jobs
they have already created and minimize the management of the cluster as much as possible. They also want to be
able to persist data beyond the life of the cluster. What should you do?
A. Create a Google Cloud Dataflow job to process the data.
B. Create a Google Cloud Dataproc cluster that uses persistent disks for HDFS.
C. Create a Hadoop cluster on Google Compute Engine that uses persistent disks.
D. Create a Cloud Dataproc cluster that uses the Google Cloud Storage connector.
E. Create a Hadoop cluster on Google Compute Engine that uses Local SSD disks.

18. Business owners at your company have given you a database of bank transactions. Each row contains the user ID,
transaction type, transaction location, and transaction amount. They ask you to investigate what type of machine
learning can be applied to the data. Which three machine learning applications can you use? (Choose three.)
A. Supervised learning to determine which transactions are most likely to be fraudulent.
B. Unsupervised learning to determine which transactions are most likely to be fraudulent.
C. Clustering to divide the transactions into N categories based on feature similarity.
D. Supervised learning to predict the location of a transaction.
E. Reinforcement learning to predict the location of a transaction.
F. Unsupervised learning to predict the location of a transaction.

19. Your company's on-premises Apache Hadoop servers are approaching end-of-life, and IT has decided to migrate
the cluster to Google Cloud Dataproc. A like-for- like migration of the cluster would require 50 TB of Google
Persistent Disk per node. The CIO is concerned about the cost of using that much block storage. You want to
minimize the storage cost of the migration. What should you do?
A. Put the data into Google Cloud Storage.
B. Use preemptible virtual machines (VMs) for the Cloud Dataproc cluster.
C. Tune the Cloud Dataproc cluster so that there is just enough disk for all data.
D. Migrate some of the cold data into Google Cloud Storage, and keep only the hot data in Persistent Disk.

20. You work for a car manufacturer and have set up a data pipeline using Google Cloud Pub/Sub to capture
anomalous sensor events. You are using a push subscription in Cloud Pub/Sub that calls a custom HTTPS endpoint
that you have created to take action of these anomalous events as they occur. Your custom
HTTPS endpoint keeps getting an inordinate amount of duplicate messages. What is the most likely cause of these
duplicate messages?
A. The message body for the sensor event is too large.
B. Your custom endpoint has an out-of-date SSL certificate.
C. The Cloud Pub/Sub topic has too many messages published to it.
D. Your custom endpoint is not acknowledging messages within the acknowledgement deadline.

21. Your company uses a proprietary system to send inventory data every 6 hours to a data ingestion service in the
cloud. Transmitted data includes a payload of several fields and the timestamp of the transmission. If there are any
concerns about a transmission, the system re-transmits the data. How should you deduplicate the data most
efficiency?
A. Assign global unique identifiers (GUID) to each data entry.
B. Compute the hash value of each data entry, and compare it with all historical data.
C. Store each data entry as the primary key in a separate database and apply an index.
D. Maintain a database table to store the hash value and other metadata for each data entry.

22. Your company has hired a new data scientist who wants to perform complicated analyses across very large
datasets stored in Google Cloud Storage and in a
Cassandra cluster on Google Compute Engine. The scientist primarily wants to create labelled data sets for
machine learning projects, along with some visualization tasks. She reports that her laptop is not powerful enough
to perform her tasks and it is slowing her down. You want to help her perform her tasks.
What should you do?
A. Run a local version of Jupiter on the laptop.
B. Grant the user access to Google Cloud Shell.
C. Host a visualization tool on a VM on Google Compute Engine.
D. Deploy Google Cloud Datalab to a virtual machine (VM) on Google Compute Engine.

23. You are deploying 10,000 new Internet of Things devices to collect temperature data in your warehouses globally.
You need to process, store and analyze these very large datasets in real time. What should you do?
A. Send the data to Google Cloud Datastore and then export to BigQuery.
B. Send the data to Google Cloud Pub/Sub, stream Cloud Pub/Sub to Google Cloud Dataflow, and store the data
in Google BigQuery.
C. Send the data to Cloud Storage and then spin up an Apache Hadoop cluster as needed in Google Cloud
Dataproc whenever analysis is required.
D. Export logs in batch to Google Cloud Storage and then spin up a Google Cloud SQL instance, import the data
from Cloud Storage, and run an analysis as needed.

24. You have spent a few days loading data from comma-separated values (CSV) files into the Google BigQuery table
CLICK_STREAM. The column DT stores the epoch time of click events. For convenience, you chose a simple
schema where every field is treated as the STRING type. Now, you want to compute web session durations of users
who visit your site, and you want to change its data type to the TIMESTAMP. You want to minimize the migration
effort without making future queries computationally expensive. What should you do?
A. Delete the table CLICK_STREAM, and then re-create it such that the column DT is of the TIMESTAMP type.
Reload the data.
B. Add a column TS of the TIMESTAMP type to the table CLICK_STREAM, and populate the numeric values
from the column TS for each row. Reference the column TS instead of the column DT from now on.
C. Create a view CLICK_STREAM_V, where strings from the column DT are cast into TIMESTAMP values.
Reference the view CLICK_STREAM_V instead of the table CLICK_STREAM from now on.
D. Add two columns to the table CLICK STREAM: TS of the TIMESTAMP type and IS_NEW of the BOOLEAN
type. Reload all data in append mode. For each appended row, set the value of IS_NEW to true. For future
queries, reference the column TS instead of the column DT, with the WHERE clause ensuring that the value of
IS_NEW must be true.
E. Construct a query to return every row of the table CLICK_STREAM, while using the built-in function to cast
strings from the column DT into TIMESTAMP values. Run the query into a destination table
NEW_CLICK_STREAM, in which the column TS is the TIMESTAMP type. Reference the table
NEW_CLICK_STREAM instead of the table CLICK_STREAM from now on. In the future, new data is loaded into
the table NEW_CLICK_STREAM.

25. You want to use Google Stackdriver Logging to monitor Google BigQuery usage. You need an instant notification to
be sent to your monitoring tool when new data is appended to a certain table using an insert job, but you do not
want to receive notifications for other tables. What should you do?
A. Make a call to the Stackdriver API to list all logs, and apply an advanced filter.
B. In the Stackdriver logging admin interface, and enable a log sink export to BigQuery.
C. In the Stackdriver logging admin interface, enable a log sink export to Google Cloud Pub/Sub, and subscribe
to the topic from your monitoring tool.
D. Using the Stackdriver API, create a project sink with advanced log filter to export to Pub/Sub, and subscribe
to the topic from your monitoring tool.

26. You are working on a sensitive project involving private user data. You have set up a project on Google Cloud
Platform to house your work internally. An external consultant is going to assist with coding a complex
transformation in a Google Cloud Dataflow pipeline for your project. How should you maintain users' privacy?
A. Grant the consultant the Viewer role on the project.
B. Grant the consultant the Cloud Dataflow Developer role on the project.
C. Create a service account and allow the consultant to log on with it.
D. Create an anonymized sample of the data for the consultant to work with in a different project.

27. You are building a model to predict whether or not it will rain on a given day. You have thousands of input features
and want to see if you can improve training speed by removing some features while having a minimum effect on
model accuracy. What can you do?
A. Eliminate features that are highly correlated to the output labels.
B. Combine highly co-dependent features into one representative feature.
C. Instead of feeding in each feature individually, average their values in batches of 3.
D. Remove the features that have null values for more than 50% of the training records.

28. You are building a model to predict whether or not it will rain on a given day. You have thousands of input features
and want to see if you can improve training speed by removing some features while having a minimum effect on
model accuracy. What can you do?
A. Eliminate features that are highly correlated to the output labels.
B. Combine highly co-dependent features into one representative feature.
C. Instead of feeding in each feature individually, average their values in batches of 3.
D. Remove the features that have null values for more than 50% of the training records.

29. Your company is streaming real-time sensor data from their factory floor into Bigtable and they have noticed
extremely poor performance. How should the row key be redesigned to improve Bigtable performance on queries
that populate real-time dashboards?
A. Use a row key of the form <timestamp>.
B. Use a row key of the form <sensorid>.
C. Use a row key of the form <timestamp>#<sensorid>.
D. Use a row key of the form >#<sensorid>#<timestamp>.

30. Your company's customer and order databases are often under heavy load. This makes performing analytics
against them difficult without harming operations.
The databases are in a MySQL cluster, with nightly backups taken using mysqldump. You want to perform
analytics with minimal impact on operations. What should you do?
Question: 29 CertyIQ
Question: 30 CertyIQ
A. Add a node to the MySQL cluster and build an OLAP cube there.
B. Use an ETL tool to load the data from MySQL into Google BigQuery.
C. Connect an on-premises Apache Hadoop cluster to MySQL and perform ETL.
D. Mount the backups to Google Cloud SQL, and then process the data using Google Cloud Dataproc.

31. You have Google Cloud Dataflow streaming pipeline running with a Google Cloud Pub/Sub subscription as the
source. You need to make an update to the code that will make the new Cloud Dataflow pipeline incompatible with
the current version. You do not want to lose any data when making this update. What should you do?
A. Update the current pipeline and use the drain flag.
B. Update the current pipeline and provide the transform mapping JSON object.
C. Create a new pipeline that has the same Cloud Pub/Sub subscription and cancel the old pipeline.
D. Create a new pipeline that has a new Cloud Pub/Sub subscription and cancel the old pipeline.

32. Your company is running their first dynamic campaign, serving different offers by analyzing real-time data during
the holiday season. The data scientists are collecting terabytes of data that rapidly grows every hour during their
30-day campaign. They are using Google Cloud Dataflow to preprocess the data and collect the feature (signals)
data that is needed for the machine learning model in Google Cloud Bigtable. The team is observing suboptimal
performance with reads and writes of their initial load of 10 TB of data. They want to improve this performance
while minimizing cost. What should they do?
A. Redefine the schema by evenly distributing reads and writes across the row space of the table.
B. The performance issue should be resolved over time as the site of the BigDate cluster is increased.
Question: 31 CertyIQ
Question: 32 CertyIQ
C. Redesign the schema to use a single row key to identify values that need to be updated frequently in the
cluster.
D. Redesign the schema to use row keys based on numeric IDs that increase sequentially per user viewing the
offers.

33. Your software uses a simple JSON format for all messages. These messages are published to Google Cloud
Pub/Sub, then processed with Google Cloud
Dataflow to create a real-time dashboard for the CFO. During testing, you notice that some messages are missing
in the dashboard. You check the logs, and all messages are being published to Cloud Pub/Sub successfully. What
should you do next?
A. Check the dashboard application to see if it is not displaying correctly.
B. Run a fixed dataset through the Cloud Dataflow pipeline and analyze the output.
C. Use Google Stackdriver Monitoring on Cloud Pub/Sub to find the missing messages.
D. Switch Cloud Dataflow to pull messages from Cloud Pub/Sub instead of Cloud Pub/Sub pushing messages to
Cloud Dataflow.

34. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Store the common data in BigQuery as partitioned tables.
B. Store the common data in BigQuery and expose authorized views.
C. Store the common data encoded as Avro in Google Cloud Storage.
D. Store he common data in the HDFS storage for a Google Cloud Dataproc cluster.

35. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, and Cloud Storage
B. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, and Local SSD
C. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud SQL, and Cloud Storage
D. Cloud Load Balancing, Cloud Dataflow, and Cloud Storage

36. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Export the data into a Google Sheet for virtualization.
B. Create an additional table with only the necessary columns.
C. Create a view on the table to present to the virtualization tool.
D. Create identity and access management (IAM) roles on the appropriate columns, so only they appear in a
query.

37. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Attach the timestamp on each message in the Cloud Pub/Sub subscriber application as they are received.
B. Attach the timestamp and Package ID on the outbound message from each publisher device as they are sent
to Clod Pub/Sub.
C. Use the NOW () function in BigQuery to record the event's time.
D. Use the automatically generated timestamp from Cloud Pub/Sub to order the data.

38. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. The zone
B. The number of workers
C. The disk size per worker
D. The maximum number of workers

39. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Load the data into Google Sheets, use formulas to calculate a metric, and use filters/sorting to show only
suboptimal links in a table.
B. Load the data into Google BigQuery tables, write Google Apps Script that queries the data, calculates the
metric, and shows only suboptimal rows in a table in Google Sheets.
C. Load the data into Google Cloud Datastore tables, write a Google App Engine Application that queries all
rows, applies a function to derive the metric, and then renders results in a table using the Google charts and
visualization API.
D. Load the data into Google BigQuery tables, write a Google Data Studio 360 report that connects to your
data, calculates a metric, and then uses a filter expression to show only suboptimal rows in a table.

40. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Ensure all the tables are included in global dataset.
B. Ensure each table is included in a dataset for a region.
C. Adjust the settings for each table to allow a related region-based security group view access.
D. Adjust the settings for each view to allow a related region-based security group view access.
E. Adjust the settings for each dataset to allow a related region-based security group view access.

41. Flowlogistic Case Study -
A. Rowkey: date#device_id Column data: data_point
B. Rowkey: date Column data: device_id, data_point
C. Rowkey: device_id Column data: date, data_point
D. Rowkey: data_point Column data: device_id, date
E. Rowkey: date#data_point Column data: device_id

42. Your company has recently grown rapidly and now ingesting data at a significantly higher rate than it was
previously. You manage the daily batch MapReduce analytics jobs in Apache Hadoop. However, the recent
increase in data has meant the batch jobs are falling behind. You were asked to recommend ways the development
team could increase the responsiveness of the analytics without increasing costs. What should you recommend
they do?
A. Rewrite the job in Pig.
B. Rewrite the job in Apache Spark.
C. Increase the size of the Hadoop cluster.
D. Decrease the size of the Hadoop cluster but also rewrite the job in Hive.

43. You work for a large fast food restaurant chain with over 400,000 employees. You store employee information in
Google BigQuery in a Users table consisting of a FirstName field and a LastName field. A member of IT is building
an application and asks you to modify the schema and data in BigQuery so the application can query a FullName
field consisting of the value of the FirstName field concatenated with a space, followed by the value of the
LastName field for each employee. How can you make that data available while minimizing cost?
A. Create a view in BigQuery that concatenates the FirstName and LastName field values to produce the
FullName.
B. Add a new column called FullName to the Users table. Run an UPDATE statement that updates the FullName
column for each user with the concatenation of the FirstName and LastName values.
C. Create a Google Cloud Dataflow job that queries BigQuery for the entire Users table, concatenates the
FirstName value and LastName value for each user, and loads the proper values for FirstName, LastName, and
FullName into a new table in BigQuery.
D. Use BigQuery to export the data for the table to a CSV file. Create a Google Cloud Dataproc job to process
the CSV file and output a new CSV file containing the proper values for FirstName, LastName and FullName.
Run a BigQuery load job to load the new CSV file into BigQuery.

44. You are deploying a new storage system for your mobile application, which is a media streaming service. You
decide the best fit is Google Cloud Datastore. You have entities with multiple properties, some of which can take
on multiple values. For example, in the entity 'Movie' the property 'actors' and the property
'tags' have multiple values but the property 'date released' does not. A typical query would ask for all movies with
actor=<actorname> ordered by date_released or all movies with tag=Comedy ordered by date_released. How
should you avoid a combinatorial explosion in the number of indexes?
A. Manually configure the index in your index config as follows: 2 Movie
B. Manually configure the index in your index config as follows: 1 Movie
C. Set the following in your entity options: exclude_from_indexes = 'actors, tags'
D. Set the following in your entity options: exclude_from_indexes = 'date_published'

45. You work for a manufacturing plant that batches application log files together into a single log file once a day at
2:00 AM. You have written a Google Cloud
Dataflow job to process that log file. You need to make sure the log file in processed once per day as inexpensively
as possible. What should you do?
A. Change the processing job to use Google Cloud Dataproc instead.
B. Manually start the Cloud Dataflow job each morning when you get into the office.
C. Create a cron job with Google App Engine Cron Service to run the Cloud Dataflow job.
D. Configure the Cloud Dataflow job as a streaming job so that it processes the log data immediately.

46. You work for an economic consulting firm that helps companies identify economic trends as they happen. As part
of your analysis, you use Google BigQuery to correlate customer data with the average prices of the 100 most
common goods sold, including bread, gasoline, milk, and others. The average prices of these goods are updated
every 30 minutes. You want to make sure this data stays up to date so you can combine it with other data in
BigQuery as cheaply as possible.
What should you do?
A. Load the data every 30 minutes into a new partitioned table in BigQuery.
B. Store and update the data in a regional Google Cloud Storage bucket and create a federated data source in
BigQuery
C. Store the data in Google Cloud Datastore. Use Google Cloud Dataflow to query BigQuery and combine the
data programmatically with the data stored in Cloud Datastore
D. Store the data in a file in a regional Google Cloud Storage bucket. Use Cloud Dataflow to query BigQuery and
combine the data programmatically with the data stored in Google Cloud Storage.

47. You are designing the database schema for a machine learning-based food ordering service that will predict what
users want to eat. Here is some of the information you need to store:
✑ The user profile: What the user likes and doesn't like to eat
✑ The user account information: Name, address, preferred meal times
✑ The order information: When orders are made, from where, to whom
The database will be used to store all the transactional data of the product. You want to optimize the data schema.
Which Google Cloud Platform product should you use?
A. BigQuery
B. Cloud SQL
C. Cloud Bigtable
D. Cloud Datastore

48. Your company is loading comma-separated values (CSV) files into Google BigQuery. The data is fully imported
successfully; however, the imported data is not matching byte-to-byte to the source file. What is the most likely
cause of this problem?
A. The CSV data loaded in BigQuery is not flagged as CSV.
B. The CSV data has invalid rows that were skipped on import.
C. The CSV data loaded in BigQuery is not using BigQuery's default encoding.
D. The CSV data has not gone through an ETL phase before loading into BigQuery.

49. Your company produces 20,000 files every hour. Each data file is formatted as a comma separated values (CSV)
file that is less than 4 KB. All files must be ingested on Google Cloud Platform before they can be processed. Your
company site has a 200 ms latency to Google Cloud, and your Internet connection bandwidth is limited as 50 Mbps.
You currently deploy a secure FTP (SFTP) server on a virtual machine in Google Compute Engine as the data
ingestion point. A local SFTP client runs on a dedicated machine to transmit the CSV files as is. The goal is to make
reports with data from the previous day available to the executives by 10:00 a.m. each day. This design is barely
able to keep up with the current volume, even though the bandwidth utilization is rather low.
You are told that due to seasonality, your company expects the number of files to double for the next three
months. Which two actions should you take? (Choose two.)
A. Introduce data compression for each file to increase the rate file of file transfer.
B. Contact your internet service provider (ISP) to increase your maximum bandwidth to at least 100 Mbps.
C. Redesign the data ingestion process to use gsutil tool to send the CSV files to a storage bucket in parallel.
D. Assemble 1,000 files into a tape archive (TAR) file. Transmit the TAR files instead, and disassemble the CSV
files in the cloud upon receiving them.
E. Create an S3-compatible storage endpoint in your network, and use Google Cloud Storage Transfer Service
to transfer on-premises data to the designated storage bucket.

50. You are choosing a NoSQL database to handle telemetry data submitted from millions of Internet-of-Things (IoT)
devices. The volume of data is growing at 100
TB per year, and each data entry has about 100 attributes. The data processing pipeline does not require atomicity,
consistency, isolation, and durability (ACID).
However, high availability and low latency are required.
You need to analyze the data by querying against individual fields. Which three databases meet your
requirements? (Choose three.)
A. Redis
B. HBase
C. MySQL
D. MongoDB
E. Cassandra
F. HDFS with Hive